Component Information Service docs (#311)
mavlink/mavlink-devguide: en/services/ftp.md

- Missing final XOR out operation with `0xFFFFFFFF`.

The effects of the initial value and final XOR operation are documented in this [brief tutorial on CRC computation of the Linux kernel](https://github.com/torvalds/linux/blob/master/Documentation/staging/crc32.rst).

> ## MAVLink FTP URL Scheme

Author: > mavftp url format: QGC uses now this form: mftp://[;comp=<id>]<path> (so e.g. mftp://[;comp=1]version.json, where specifying the comp id is optional (mftp://version.json), and defaults to the current component. This allows e.g. to redirect an autopilot to download from a companion.

@bkueng Thanks. I updated this in MAVFTP here and also in component info doc. 

I don't really understand the "redirect" integration you talk about here. So can you please check what I have written here makes sense.

Author: Thanks @bkueng - I merged your comment on the redirect/companion use case. 

The autopilot supplies the URL with the location of the file. Did you make this a parameter with a default so it can be changed to the companion if needed?

This leads nicely into a question from the dev call - "where should component information files live". The concern is that a device might end up bricked if manufacturer-hosted component information disappeared. The proposal was that we recommend on the device, but that we mandate hosting defaults on github. Lorenz also mentioned perhaps allowing manufacturer to support their own version, with a default being the info on github. 

My thinking is that is we specify a default search path on the device which will be used if it exists, otherwise use location in a parameter that points to a default github file by default. Does that make sense?

Reviewer: > Did you make this a parameter with a default so it can be changed to the companion if needed?

I don't have concrete plans to make use of it, but that could be an option.

Author: So you'll just have all the component information compressed on board PX4?

Resources to be downloaded using MAVLink FTP can be referenced using the following URL-like format:
```
mftp://[;comp=<id>]<path>
```
Where:
- `path`: the location of the resource on the target component.
- `id`: target *component ID* of the component hosting the resource.
  The `[;comp=<id>]` part is optional (if omitted, the resource is downloaded from the current component).
  It should be specified if the request must be redirected 

For example:
- A GCS connected to an autopilot might download a file using the following URL:
  ```
  ## FTP resource 'camera.xml' from current component
  mftp://camera.xml
  ```

> - A GCS connected to an autopilot through a companion computer would need to specify the component ID of the autopilot (1), so that the request is redirected:
>   ```
>   ## FTP resource '/info/version.json' from component with id 2
>   mftp://[;comp=1]/info/version.json

Reviewer: The use-case is a bit different. This should clarify it:
```suggestion
- A GCS connected to an autopilot through a companion computer might host the metadata on the companion (e.g. due to lack of flash space, faster download or if there's a central MAVFTP server on the vehicle), so it would need to specify the component ID of the component running on the companion (e.g. 100 for the camera), so that the request is redirected:
  ` ``
  ## FTP resource '/info/version.json' from component with id 100
  mftp://[;comp=100]/info/version.json
```
